EXTRACT (script-made) of the Data usage section of https://www.imf.org/en/_site_imf/about/copyright-and-terms (the URL https://www.imf.org/en/About/copyright-and-terms returned HTTP 403 Access Denied from this environment; the _site_imf path returned 200). Text lines verbatim, tags stripped, nbsp->space.

Notwithstanding the general prohibition on the commercial use of IMF Content, with respect to published statistical data made available on IMF Sites, the following special terms shall govern. 
For the purposes of these special terms, the term “Data” refers to any published statistical data produced or curated by the IMF. In particular, “Data” refers to the following: 
IMF Statistical Data, including but not limited to, International Financial Statistics (IFS), Balance of Payments (BOP), Direction of Trade (DOT), and Government Finance Statistics (GFS); 
World Economic Outlook database
; 
Primary Commodity Prices
; 
IMF Financial Data
; 
Exchange Rate Data
; and 
Most statistical data available on 
www.IMF.org
,  
www.data.IMF.org
, or the
 iData Portal
 that explicitly identify the International Monetary Fund as the source.  
Note:
 Some statistical products may incorporate information from third parties and may have separate terms and conditions for usage. 
You may download, extract, copy, create derivative works, publish, distribute, and use Data obtained from IMF Sites, subject to the following conditions: 
Whether obtained directly from the IMF or another party, when Data is distributed or reproduced in any manner, it must appear accurately with attribution to the IMF as the source, e.g. “Source: International Monetary Fund, Database Name, <<link to the  dataset>>.”  
Users shall not infringe upon the integrity of the Data and in particular shall refrain from any act of alteration of the Data that intentionally affects its nature or accuracy. If the Data is materially transformed by the User, this must be stated explicitly along with the required source citation. 
Users who make IMF Data available to other Users through any type of distribution or download environment agree to take reasonable efforts to communicate and promote compliance by their users with these terms. 
If IMF Data is sold by Users as a standalone product, sellers must inform purchasers that the Data is available free of charge from the IMF. 
The Data is provided to Users “as is” and without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and noninfringement. 
The policy of free access and free reuse of IMF Data does not imply a right to obtain confidential or any unpublished data, over which the IMF reserves all rights. 
Except as stated in this Section on Data Usage, all other terms set forth in the general terms and conditions shall continue to apply to use of IMF Data. 
For any potential commercial reuse of IMF Data, please email copyright@imf.org to request permission. 

