# Extract of Eskom "Website terms and conditions" (Sep 2021 version): clause 2 in full (pypdf text layer; page-break markers kept). PDF 169,593 bytes not stored.

2. ALLOWED USE AND LICENSE  
 
2.1 Eskom licenses the User to view, download and print the content of the Eskom website, 
provided that such content is used for private, personal, educational and/or non-commercial 
purposes only.  
 
2.2 Content from the Eskom website may not be used or exploited by Users for any 
commercial and non-private purposes without the prior written consent of Eskom.  
 
2.3 Users may only access, browse and use the Eskom website for legitimate personal or 
commercial purposes and may not use the Eskom website or any Eskom services and/or 
products for:  
2.3.1 Harmful purposes;  
2.3.2 Illegal purposes;  
2.3.3 Disclosing, sharing or publishing material that may be offensive, defamatory, 
regulated, prohibited, infringing or damaging to any person and/or;  
2.3.4 The creation, storage and sending of unsolicited commercial communications.  
 
 2.4 The caching of the Eskom website shall only be allowed if:  
 
2.4.1 The purpose of the caching is to make the onward transmission of the content 
from the Eskom website more efficient;  
2.4.2 The cached content is not modified in any manner whatsoever;  
2.4.3 The cached content is updated at least every 12 (twelve) hours; and  
2.4.4 The cached content is removed or updated when so required by Eskom. 
2.5 If any User uses content from the Eskom website in breach of the provisions detailed 
herein:  
2.5.1 Eskom reserves the right to claim damages from the user;  
2.5.2 Eskom reserves the right to institute criminal proceedings against the User; and  
2.5.3 Eskom shall not be liable, in any manner whatsoever, for any damage, loss or 
liability that resulted from the use of such content by the User or any third party w ho 
obtained any content from the User.  
 
2.6 Hyperlinks to the Eskom website from any other source shall be directed to the home 
page of the Eskom website. Links beyond the Eskom home page may only be used with 
Eskom’s prior written consent.  
 
2.7 Eskom shall not be liable, in any manner whatsoever, for any damage, loss or liability that 
resulted from the use of content, products or services available from the Eskom website, if 
such contents, products or services were accessed through a hyperlink not dir ected at the 
home page of the Eskom website. Persons who create links to pages beyond the home page 
of the Eskom website without Eskom’s prior written consent shall do so at their own risk and 
Eskom is indemnified against any loss, liability or damage that may result from the use of 
such hyperlinks. Eskom’s non-liability for deep linking is based on the fact that deep links 
bypass these terms and conditions.  
 
2.8 Users may quote small and reasonable amounts of content available from th e Eskom 
website, in any format, subject to such a quote being placed in inverted commas and 
acknowledged.  
 
2.9 No person may, without the prior written consent of Eskom, frame the Eskom website in 
any manner whatsoever.  
 
2.10 Apart from bona-fide search engine operators and use of the search facility provided on 
the Eskom website by Users, no person may use or attempt to use any technology or 
=====PAGE 3=====
applications (including web crawlers, robots or web spiders) to search, collect or copy content 
from the Eskom website, for any purposes, without the prior written consent of Eskom.  
2.11 Email addresses, names and telephone numbers published on the Eskom website may 
not be incorporated into any database used for electronic marketing or similar purposes. No 
permission is given or should be implied that information on the Eskom website may be used 
to communicate unsolicited communications to Eskom and all rights detailed in Section 69 of 
Protection of Personal Information Act, 2013 are reserved. 
 
2.12 All licenses and/or permissions granted in terms of this clause 2 are provided on a  
limited, non-exclusive and non-transferable basis and may be terminated or cancelled by 
Eskom at any time without prior notice or reasons.  
 
